API Access: New Prerequisite in case of usage on Extension Landscape (#159)
SAP-docs/btp-cloud-platform: docs/50-administration-and-ops/access-sap-authorization-and-trust-management-service-apis-ebc9113.md

-   You have an org and a space where you can create a service instance.

>     If the org is located on an extension landscape, you have logged on to the main landscape at least once. For example, if the domain of your org is eu10-002.hana.ondemand.com, you have logged on to the domain eu10.hana.ondemand.com at least once.

Author: What about this?
```suggestion
    If the org is located on an extension landscape, you have logged on to the main landscape at least once. For example, if your domain is located on extension landscape `cf-eu10-002`, you have logged on to landscape `cf-eu10` at least once.
```

Author: Alternatively, we could also have something along the lines of

> For example, if you log on to `https://api.cf.eu10-002.hana.ondemand.com` for accessing your org, you also have logged on to the landscape at `https://api.cf.eu10.hana.ondemand.com` at least once.

wdyt?

Reviewer: I like this one.
